docs: add note about ca-signed certs for secureboot (#11793)
siderolabs/talos: website/content/v1.10/talos-guides/install/bare-metal-platforms/secureboot.md

These files can be used to enroll the keys into the UEFI firmware automatically when booting from a SecureBoot ISO while UEFI firmware is in the setup mode.

> > **Note** : UEFI decides what Secure Boot trusts. By default, `talosctl gen secureboot ...` generates a self-signed UKI signing certificate and `PK.auth/KEK.auth/db.auth` for enrollment. If you switch to a CA-signed UKI certificate, the CA root (and intermediates) must be enrolled in the UEFI db. Talos does not enroll external CA chains for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note** : UEFI decides what Secure Boot trusts. By default, `talosctl gen secureboot ...` generates a self-signed UKI signing certificate and `PK.auth/KEK.auth/db.auth` for enrollment. You can also generate your own version of these files which uses other signing keys and certificate authorities specific to your environment.
```

Author: done @smira please check it out!
